feat: interactions and slash commands (#638)
discordjs/guide: guide/interactions/registering-slash-commands.md

# Registering slash commands

> Discord provides users the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section you will be learning how to register these commands using discord.js!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord provides users the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section you'll be learning how to register these commands using discord.js!
```
Language consistency

::: tip
If you already have slash commands set-up for your application and want to learn to respond to them, refer to [the following page](/interactions/replying-to-slash-commands/).
:::

## Global commands

First up, we'll introduce you to global application commands, these type of commands will be available on every guild your application is authorized on with the `applications.commands` oauth scope and are also available in its DMs.

::: tip

> Global commands are cached for one hour. That means that new global commands will fan out slowly across all guilds and will be guaranteed to be updated in an hour. Guild commands however update instantly, so we recommend you use these for quick testing and global commands when they're ready for public use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global commands are cached for one hour. That means that new global commands will fan out slowly across all guilds and will only be guaranteed to be updated in an hour. Guild commands however update instantly. As such we recommend you use these for quick testing and global commands when they're ready for public use.
```
Minor difference in word choices

:::

So, to register a global command we'll be passing an `ApplicationCommandData` object to the `ApplicationCommandManager#create()` method as follows:

```js
client.once('ready', async () => {
	const data = {
		name: 'ping',
		description: 'Replies with Pong!',
	};

	const command = await client.application?.commands.create(data);
	console.log(command);
});
```

That's it! You've successfully created your first global application command! Let's move on to guild specific commands.

## Guild commands

Guild specific application commands are only available in the guild they have been created in, as such we'll be using `GuildApplicationCommandManager#create()` to create them:

```js{7}
client.once('ready', async () => {
	const data = {
		name: 'ping',
		description: 'Replies with Pong!',
	};

	const command = await client.guilds.cache.get('id')?.commands.create(data);
	console.log(command);
});
```

Excellent! Now you've learned how to register guild specific application commands. We're not done yet, there's still a few more topics to cover, keep reading!

## Bulk-update commands

> If you for example deploy your application commands when starting your application, you may want to update all commands and their changes at once. You can do this by passing an array of `ApplicationCommandData` objects to the `set()` method on either of the managers you've been introduced to above: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you, for example, deploy your application commands when starting your application, you may want to update all commands and their changes at once. You can do this by passing an array of `ApplicationCommandData` objects to the `set()` method on either of the managers you've been introduced to above: 
```
marking pause for use of `for example`

	const data = [
		{
			name: 'ping',
			description: 'Replies with Pong!',
		},
		{
			name: 'pong',
			description: 'Replies with Ping!',
		},
	];

	const commands = await client.application?.commands.set(data);
	console.log(commands);
});
```

Perfect! You have now learned how to bulk-update application commands. 

## Options

Application commands can have `options`, think of these options like arguments to a function. You can specify them as seen below:

```js{5-10}
client.once('ready', async () => {
	const data = {
		name: 'echo',
		description: 'Replies with your input!',
		options: [{
    		name: 'input',
    		type: 'STRING',
    		description: 'The input which should be echoed back',
    		required: true,
		}]
	};

	const command = await client.application?.commands.create(data);
	console.log(command);
});
```

Notice how we specified `required: true` within the options object? Doing this will make the option a required field and will prevent the user from sending the command without specifying a value for this option!

Now you've learned how to create an application command with `options`. Keep reading, we have one more section to cover!

## Option types

> As you've seen in the example of the last section we can specify the `type` of an `ApplicationCommandOption`. Listed below you'll find a list of all possible values you can pass as `ApplicationCommandOptionType`:

Reviewer: Would it maybe be worth a sentence noting if casing is important here, i.e `'STRING'` vs `'string'`?

Reviewer: Fair enough, possibilities are listed below, and if people don't take it from there they'd probably ignore a "random" one line comment anyway.

* `SUB_COMMAND` sets the option to be a sub-command

> * `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP` sets the option to be a sub-command-group

Reviewer 2: Maybe a brief explanation on what a sub-command group is could be added?

Author: Already brought that up a couple hours ago, will add a tip referencing the dapi docs.

# Registering slash commands

Discord provides users the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section you will be learning how to register these commands using discord.js!

::: tip
If you already have slash commands set-up for your application and want to learn to respond to them, refer to [the following page](/interactions/replying-to-slash-commands/).
:::

## Global commands

First up, we'll introduce you to global application commands, these type of commands will be available on every guild your application is authorized on with the `applications.commands` oauth scope and are also available in its DMs.

> ::: warning
> Global commands are cached for one hour. That means that new global commands will fan out slowly across all guilds, and will be guaranteed to be updated in an hour. 
> :::
> 
> ::: tip
> Guild commands update instantly. We recommend you use guild commands for quick testing, and global commands when they're ready for public use.
> :::

Reviewer 3: This could be combined into one block

```suggestion
::: tip
Global commands are cached for one hour. That means that new global commands will fan out slowly across all guilds and will be guaranteed to be updated in an hour. Guild commands however update instantly, so we recommend you use these for quick testing and global commands when they're ready for public use.
:::
```

So, to register a global command we will be passing an `ApplicationCommandData` object to the `ApplicationCommandManager.create()` method as follows:

```js
client.once('ready', async () => {
	const commanddata = {
		name: 'ping',
		description: 'Replies with Pong!'
	};

> 	const command = await client.application?.commands.create(commanddata);

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	const command = await client.application.commands.create(commanddata);
```

Author: The property is nullable, so the optional chaining operator here is a good practice.

Reviewer 3: I agree that it's not needed, `client.application` is always set after the ready event was emitted. Also, if there's no error and that call just gets ignored, people will wait an hour for the command to appear only to realize that it hasn't been created in the first place.

Author: I agree with that point, I did however also use the operator on the guild commands section, get() can return undefined as well, so I'm unsure how the guide approaches optional chaining overall. Should it stay for possibly undefined props but not for possibly null props, should it be gone entirely?, I think this requires some consistency, but I don't know which fits best. 
TypeScript will definitely enforce the operator anyway so again not sure what applies best

Now you've learned how to create an application command with `options`. Keep reading, we have one more section to cover!

## Option types

As you've seen in the example of the last section we can specify the `type` of an `ApplicationCommandOption`. Listed below you'll find a list of all possible values you can pass as `ApplicationCommandOptionType`:

::: tip
For detailed explanations on the `SUB_COMMAND` and `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP` option types please see [this section](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/slash-commands#subcommands-and-subcommand-groups) of the Discord API documentation.
:::

* `SUB_COMMAND` sets the option to be a sub-command
* `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP` sets the option to be a sub-command-group
* `STRING` sets the option to require a string value
* `INTEGER` sets the option to require an integer value
* `BOOLEAN` sets the option to require a boolean value
* `USER` sets the option to require a user or snowflake as value
* `CHANNEL` sets the option to require a channel or snowflake as value

> * `ROLE` sets the option to require a role or snowflake as value

Reviewer 2: Missing the MENTIONABLE type here
```suggestion
* `ROLE` sets the option to require a role or snowflake as value
* `MENTIONABLE` sets the option to require a user, role or snowflake as value
```

	console.log(commands);
});
```

Perfect! You have now learned how to bulk-update application commands. 

## Options

Application commands can have `options`, think of these options like arguments to a function. You can specify them as seen below:

```js {5-10}
client.once('ready', async () => {
	const data = {
		name: 'echo',
		description: 'Replies with your input!',
		options: [{
			name: 'input',
			type: 'STRING',
			description: 'The input which should be echoed back',
			required: true,
		}],
	};

	const command = await client.application?.commands.create(data);
	console.log(command);
});
```

Notice how we specified `required: true` within the options object? Doing this will make the option a required field and will prevent the user from sending the command without specifying a value for this option!

Now you've learned how to create an application command with `options`. Keep reading, we have one more section to cover!

## Option types

As you've seen in the example of the last section we can specify the `type` of an `ApplicationCommandOption`. Listed below you'll find a list of all possible values you can pass as `ApplicationCommandOptionType`:

> ::: tip
> For detailed explanations on the `SUB_COMMAND` and `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP` option types please see [this section](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/slash-commands#subcommands-and-subcommand-groups) of the Discord API documentation.
> :::
> 
> * `SUB_COMMAND` sets the option to be a sub-command
> * `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP` sets the option to be a sub-command-group
> * `STRING` sets the option to require a string value
> * `INTEGER` sets the option to require an integer value
> * `BOOLEAN` sets the option to require a boolean value
> * `USER` sets the option to require a user or snowflake as value
> * `CHANNEL` sets the option to require a channel or snowflake as value
> * `ROLE` sets the option to require a role or snowflake as value
> * `MENTIONABLE` sets the option to require a user, role or snowflake as value

Reviewer 2: I believe it would make more sense to have this tip show up after the choice types because it introduces an explanation to 2 of them so it wouldn't make sense to suggest that before they're introduced in the guide.
```suggestion
* `SUB_COMMAND` sets the option to be a sub-command
* `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP` sets the option to be a sub-command-group
* `STRING` sets the option to require a string value
* `INTEGER` sets the option to require an integer value
* `BOOLEAN` sets the option to require a boolean value
* `USER` sets the option to require a user or snowflake as value
* `CHANNEL` sets the option to require a channel or snowflake as value
* `ROLE` sets the option to require a role or snowflake as value
* `MENTIONABLE` sets the option to require a user, role or snowflake as value
::: tip
For detailed explanations on the `SUB_COMMAND` and `SUB_COMMAND_GROUP` option types please see [this section](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/slash-commands#subcommands-and-subcommand-groups) of the Discord API documentation.
:::
```

Author: Does not feel like a good idea, considering that the listing of option types will increase over time, the tip will just go under.

# Registering slash commands

> Discord provides users the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section you'll be learning how to register these commands using discord.js!

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Discord provides users with the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section, you'll be learning how to register these commands using discord.js!
```

Author: feels off with a comma there, there's no need for a pause bewteen `section` and `you'll` imo

Author: Might be worth rephrasing that part entirely tho, not alto happy with it

::: tip
If you already have slash commands set-up for your application and want to learn to respond to them, refer to [the following page](/interactions/replying-to-slash-commands/).
:::

> 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion

```
Obsolete newline, one is sufficient

## Global commands

First up, we'll introduce you to global application commands. These types of commands will be available in all guilds your application has the `applications.commands` scope authorized, as well as in DMs.

::: tip

> Global commands are cached for one hour. That means that new global commands will fan out slowly across all guilds and will only be guaranteed to be updated in an hour. Guild commands however update instantly. As such we recommend you use these for quick testing and global commands when they're ready for public use.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Global commands are cached for one hour. That means that new global commands will fan out slowly across all guilds and will only be guaranteed to be updated in an hour. Guild commands however update instantly. As such, we recommend you use these for quick testing and global commands when they're ready for public use.
```

> Global commands are cached for one hour. That means that new global commands will fan out slowly across all guilds and will only be guaranteed to be updated in an hour. Guild commands however update instantly. As such, we recommend you use these for quick testing and global commands when they're ready for public use.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Global commands are cached for one hour. New global commands will fan out slowly across all guilds and will only be guaranteed to be updated after an hour. Guild commands update instantly. As such, we recommend you use guild-based commands during development and publish them to global commands when they're ready for public use.
```

:::

> So, to register a global command we'll be passing an `ApplicationCommandData` object to the `ApplicationCommandManager#create()` method as follows:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
To register a global command you'll be passing an `ApplicationCommandData` object to the `ApplicationCommandManager#create()` method as follows:
```
we only when talking about the writers of the guide, not including the reader

```js
client.on('message', async message => {
	if (!client.application?.owner) await client.application?.fetch();

	if (message.content.toLowerCase() === '!deploy' && message.author.id === client.application?.owner.id) {
		const data = {
			name: 'ping',
			description: 'Replies with Pong!',
		};

		const command = await client.application?.commands.create(data);
		console.log(command);
	}
});
```
::: danger

> Command names must be lowercase at all times or else you will receive an API error.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Command names must be lowercase. You will receive an API error if this is not the case.
```

Reviewer 8: You will receive an API error otherwise.

Reviewer 8: > Command names must be lowercase. You will receive an API error if this is not the case.

I think `You will receive an API error otherwise.` is better here.

:::

That's it! You've successfully created your first global application command! Let's move on to guild specific commands.

## Guild commands

> Guild specific application commands are only available in the guild they have been created in, as such we'll be using `GuildApplicationCommandManager#create()` to create them:

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Guild specific application commands are only available in the guild they have been created in, as such, we'll be using `GuildApplicationCommandManager#create()` to create them:
```

> Guild specific application commands are only available in the guild they have been created in, as such, we'll be using `GuildApplicationCommandManager#create()` to create them:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Guild-specific application commands are only available in the guild they have been created in. You'll be using `GuildApplicationCommandManager#create()` to create them:
```

```js {10}
client.on('message', async message => {
	if (!client.application?.owner) await client.application?.fetch();

	if (message.content.toLowerCase() === '!deploy' && message.author.id === client.application?.owner.id) {
		const data = {
			name: 'ping',
			description: 'Replies with Pong!',
		};

		const command = await client.guilds.cache.get('123456789012345678')?.commands.create(data);
		console.log(command);
	}
});
```

> Excellent! Now you've learned how to register guild specific application commands. We're not done yet, there's still a few more topics to cover, keep reading!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Excellent! Now you've learned how to register guild-specific application commands. There are still a few more topics to cover, so keep reading!
```

## Bulk-update commands

If you, for example, deploy your application commands when starting your application, you may want to update all commands and their changes at once. You can do this by passing an array of `ApplicationCommandData` objects to the `set()` method on either of the managers you've been introduced to above: 

::: danger
This will overwrite all existing commands on the application or guild with the new data you provided!
:::

```js {5-14,15-17}
client.on('message', async message => {
	if (!client.application?.owner) await client.application?.fetch();

	if (message.content.toLowerCase() === '!deploy' && message.author.id === client.application?.owner.id) {
		const data = [
			{
				name: 'ping',
				description: 'Replies with Pong!',
			},
			{
				name: 'pong',
				description: 'Replies with Ping!',
			},
		];

		const commands = await client.application?.commands.set(data);
		console.log(commands);
	}
});
```

Perfect! You have now learned how to bulk-update application commands. 

> 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion

```
obsolete second newline

## Options

> Application commands can have `options`, think of these options like arguments to a function. You can specify them as seen below:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Application commands can have `options`. Think of these options as arguments to a function. You can specify them as seen below:
```

```js {8-13}
client.on('message', async message => {
	if (!client.application?.owner) await client.application?.fetch();

	if (message.content.toLowerCase() === '!deploy' && message.author.id === client.application?.owner.id) {
		const data = {
			name: 'echo',
			description: 'Replies with your input!',
			options: [{
				name: 'input',
				type: 'STRING',
				description: 'The input which should be echoed back',
				required: true,
			}],
		};

		const command = await client.application?.commands.create(data);
		console.log(command);
	}
});
```

Notice how we specified `required: true` within the options object? Doing this will make the option a required field and will prevent the user from sending the command without specifying a value for this option!

Now you've learned how to create an application command with `options`. Keep reading, we have two more sections to cover!

> 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion

```

obsolete additional newline

## Option types

> As you've seen in the example of the last section we can specify the `type` of an `ApplicationCommandOption`. Listed below you'll find a list of all possible values you can pass as `ApplicationCommandOptionType`:

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
As you've seen in the example of the last section, we can specify the `type` of an `ApplicationCommandOption`. Listed below you'll find a list of all possible values you can pass as `ApplicationCommandOptionType`:
```

> As you've seen in the example of the last section, we can specify the `type` of an `ApplicationCommandOption`. Listed below you'll find a list of all possible values you can pass as `ApplicationCommandOptionType`:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
As you've seen in the example of the last section, you can specify the `type` of an `ApplicationCommandOption`. Listed below you'll find a list of all possible values you can pass as `ApplicationCommandOptionType`:
```
